restructure/update releases setup content (#5108)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/releases/suspect-commits/index.mdx

sentry-cli releases set-commits --commit "my-repo@from..to" $VERSION
```

> Alternatively, you can use the `--local` flag to enable this behavior by default.

Reviewer: It's not clear what behavior this is talking about. (I get that you're just copying from the sentry-cli docs, but I think it needs to be clarified. It's right after a paragraph about specifying which commits to use, but the options seems to be about where to get the commit data, not which commits to get data for.)

@kamilogorek - This option:

https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli/blob/7353fd8fc5611221fc318c325ed2b5bb8ec17c7a/src/commands/releases/set_commits.rs#L33-L39

I get that it pulls from the local repo, but _what_ does it pull from that repo? Which commits are included?

Reviewer 2: It will fetch all commits between the `HEAD` (the latest commit available locally) and the most recent one that was used for the previous Sentry release.

Reviewer: So how is it different than `--auto`, then?

> Alternatively, you can use the `--local` flag to enable this behavior by default.

Author: @kamilogorek - I've made an edit below using the wording you've used, but I'm wondering, is the behavior we're talking about what's described on line 79?

```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the `--local` flag so that, by default, we fetch all commits between the `head` (the latest commit available locally) and the most recent one that was used for the previous Sentry release.
```

Reviewer 2: Kinda, but not quiet the same. On line 79 it states "then the `--auto` flag will automatically use the git tree of your local repo". That is not exactly how it behaves.

`--auto` will ask local repository for the address of the remote git server. Then it will ask this server for the state of commits and use that history to determine which commits to associate with the release.
Where `--local` will not reach out to any remote servers, but rather use local history for that detecion.

Reviewer: @imatwawana, I think the issue is that we need to fix the spot earlier where it talks about `--auto`, and maybe ditch this line all together. Before I propose a revision to that earlier paragraph, though... @kamilogorek, when you're using `--auto` and it's pulling the commits from the remote repo - how does it pull those commits if you don't have a GH/BB/GL integration? I'm asking because the paragraph I'm proposing to change says

> **_If you don't have a repo-based integration associated with your Sentry organization_**, then the `--auto` flag blah blah blah.

Author: @lobsterkatie & @kamilogorek, Nisanthan is out sick and it's been almost 20 days since I opened this PR. I'd like to leave the language as is (especially since it's not clear that this has been a blocker for folks), merge this PR, and open a new PR to just deal with that language change.

```bash
sentry-cli releases set-commits --local $VERSION
```

### Using the API

> To tell Sentry about your commit metadata using the API use the [create release endpoint](/api/releases/create-a-new-release-for-an-organization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send Sentry your commit metadata using the API use the [create release endpoint](/api/releases/create-a-new-release-for-an-organization/).
```

> In order for Sentry to use your commits, you must format your commits to match this form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following format for your commits:
```
